hello everyone here amazing avengers
the trunk era finally comes out into the open
and I know that many of us
was expecting a lot a lot from
this film was my case and I was
partially above it not frankly the
movie well but this time it is
different from the first
that may be the general problem
reminds lomu of the first film he does
do not tell a difficult story and
complex it was the story of
the dead assembly of superheroes who
until then had all had one or
several solo films the directors
had a problem blick and to solve
to make a blockbuster with
cult characters who each have a
broad universe a low country which he had
make sure that no superheroes
whether it's iron man or black widow the
take on too much importance in my opinion
they managed any of the heroes of any
very serious sense which character
main
the first movie is a mechanism
do not use rage comes as a
tight and total team where I come plays
his role
this scene we see the team getting
gather to prepare for
the clash
it's etched in everyone's memory
forever everything is not perfect
but it was not to start but to
what we are talking about
the agencies of here we are so back
in a new adventure with the team
super hero par excellence the
avengers guide since their first in
against know each other well and it centers
and black widow hawkeye
hulk iron man team american states
face a new threat
have artificial intelligence
created by tony stark and bruce banner
Art ultra movie you were supposed to
protect the earth against any threat
indoor or outdoor but as
a lot of girls to invent in the
science fiction before he sees a
threatens humanity itself and decides
so to exterminate him hudon himself considers himself
himself as a human being but on
a new scale of evolution as
I already said in the movie his father
and tony stark and we do not often notice
in his behavior that he inherited from
its creator
whether in his little crises of
angry or ironic black but the gym
has a serious problem that does not
give no opportunity to take the
total pleasure watching this feature
but we'll talk about it later
first I'll talk about the points
positive the film the first two
points are of course the action and
humor the strong of marvel the passage of
the evening featuring the heroes
in their attempt to get up the better
coming was particularly good all
a year later he has succeeded in addition to our
favorite passages
make three new signings
repair to get their johnson back into
the quiksilver role that did not me
as much as x-men's
future past elizabeth hudson in the role
of red witch and paul bettany in
the vision role the child dutronc in
the action scenes I think we are
all agree fighting hulk opponent and
gloucester hugues is gorgeous that's
just giant this is the moment for which
you have to go see the movie
we also see the appearance of
characters when war machine the hawk
and nick fury that I find otherwise
useless
they are there just to tell us and we
we are arrangers avengers 2 is
filled with vivid action moments
funny unexpected events but
all that is at the same time the point
weak and the film everything goes too much
quick
everything is too spontaneous too much things
take place because of that movie
falls apart that we would have mixed
in a large period of three one
example there are several storyline
during all the film that does not happen
all to capture the author storylines
especially the moment in the caves
is not developed enough and cuts itself
quite spontaneously the stars storyline
which is to play the excavations
scientists go too fast
the romance between natacha's banner and the
site turn around the bush but I him
settle his account later the storyline
of hydra was the worst the organization
the basic hérault
damage to the 20h of the league and 1 5
minutes we could have made a movie
whole with hydra oh sorry and already
american capita winter soldier but his
subject lost much of its meaning
just because of these five minutes the
st finesse of winter soldiers by a
streaker appears with the center of
required and we see the two twins
behind him the beginning 2,012 the baron
structure is murdered by a too no
but it's a joke
good to put a mouthful
that's another positive thing
unexpected
the hockey characters and his
history is put forward while he has
been almost invisible there would be a cost
deputy first
we find out more about him
family his feelings what helps us
to appreciate it better
even though the clouds units in three
green colors to the royal army yesterday a
super soldier is a tough the rest of the long
footage el sakka peace seems to listen
which may seem normal because our
basic footage from 3:30
but of course they know how to count
have removed an hour from the film and again
I am the universe
marvel and everything that goes in there
imagine then someone who comes from
see the movies in a thin
basic knowledge but there is especially
a thing that really pissed me off
the writers have just spit on
the origins of hulk and the fact
that he already has his launcher that he likes from
all his heart and who suffers because he does not
can not be with her
betty ross what then we'll all do
pretending that the movie the incredible hulk
never existed that the whole story
decided udc is half a lie
but yes who needs betty ross because
the magnificent and trustworthy services
from some scarlett johnasson issued
in 3d on the big screens
in short, I could not take advantage of
the entire film is from India to
main bonus of the trunk of the story
which was to develop little by little
to help us understand any
mental and physical evolution as well as
it's my estimate was trampled all
like that of the other bad guys from
marvel five minutes for a second
times in the movie they have curled his
appearance in just five minutes
there he is there he is in a wreck
making a bad ass speech and a
minute later he's already in a
new agreement is getting fucked
the tony stark mouth
twins and visions appear very
quickly them too even though the first
movie was very strong this second opus
did not meet our expectations
can be too much place and he gives me
the impression of being a second episode
of a series or how movie of
passage
you know like thor iron man 2 like
if they were there to tell us that
here are going to be soon
confront the stone of infinity and
reached back because yes thanks to
author hallucinations and thanks to the
creation of vision we will have understood
that the arrangers finally take a
further knowledge of existence
of these worse is that movies predicts the
way of the cinematic universe
of marvel
by the way the final scene also does not
did not give that shining desire to see
the next movie
despite the disadvantages it remains a
very nice action and super movie
hero that I advise you to go see
and to review if you do not have any
patience to wait for the original version
I will surely do a second video on
this movie for a more observation
detailed and you what do you think of the
movie
write the comments and share the
chain it was more than meziale